The party came together as aspirants to join the Clifftop adventurers guild through the initiation of Sharn chicken.

Steak with his fear of heights was beside himself, and only Korruks assurances was able to convince him to trust the magic and of the feather token and jump.

As they prepared to leap Saal who had introduced himself as Merv used prestidigitation to cast soil on the immaculately eleven woman from the deaths head guild, causing her no end of consternation and immediately putting her off her game.

Within seconds Eryx already concerned about being made of metal and heavier, thus falling faster and barely managing to avoid a barrage of cabbages that had fallen from a transport gondola lost his nerve and activated his token.

A zone absent of gravity, took its toll, seeing Steak and Aena (Elf from Deathshead) fall by the wayside, but not before Aena lost the contents of her stomach adding to her already soiled clothes.

A shattering of glass from a floating advertisement for the fight ring at the Trolls Nose Tavern would see Merv, Ferrin and Vance fall out of the running, victory and bragging rights to Korruk.

As they continue to descend Merv notices a scintillating display of multi coloured energy and an eruption of screams from one of the bridges.

On the ground after a few moments a clapping black and white haired shifter emerges from the crowd, a not of respect to Korruk, a frown for the others. She shakes hands with all and introduces herself as Llhara, their handler in the guild. She immediately gives the, their first mission to descend into the cogs and retrieve a package, the burning idol from Tresca Teasbeak a gnome artificer working out of Drummond Independants. She gives Korruk an envelope sealed and stamped by house Kundarak, Drummond and Tresca’s payment.

She warns them to be careful, the cogs can be a dangerous place. Before she can dissappear back into the crowd, Merv enquires about the lights on the bridge, she knows little but there is some sort of commotion and gives them direction to the nearest stairs.

On the bridge the party encounter the source of the commotion, a large crowd has gathered as a frightened guard has hold of a young woman held up against the edge of the bridge, the crowd are baying for blood and cheering that she is marked and for the guard to throw her over. On her hand glowing with fading magic can be seen a dragon mark, which Korruk and Merv quickly identify, helped by the baying of the crowd as being Aberrant.

The party seek to assess the situation, and it is clear that whilst the guard he is trying to contain the situation part of him wants to be done with the woman and aquiesce by throwing her over, the other half rebels at the thought of killing a potential innocent. He is scared of the woman he has grabbed, as she is terrified of him and being thrown over.

Merv in an attempt to diffuse the situation attempts to cast Friends on the guard but the magic has no effect, and realising that magic was used against him it furthers his resolve to throw the woman over.

Eryx steps in and saying that they could release her into their care and they could take her to the guard, house, he counsels that the guard could probably do with an ale to calm his nerves. Seeing an opportunity for this to be someone elses problems the guard agrees that them taking the woman to the guard house is a solution, and tapping what looks like an empty pouch agrees he could do with an ale to calm his nerves. Korruk steps in and hands the guard two gold who quickly disappears into the crowd. .

The woman is grateful for the help and explains that she [Chandra Thane](app://obsidian.md/Chandra%20Thane) a student of Morgrave university who developed a mark several months ago. It has never flared like this however and she is scared. She explains she has little to offer by way of reward but beofre she takes her leave offers a small magical bauble that grows with multicoloured light with occasional veins of orange running through it, Stake eagerly accepts it and places it in his pack.

The party descended into the cogs, where they made the acquaintance of Gritz a goblin lift attendant. During the descent Korruk recalled how great and powerful the goblinoid nation once was and heeding Gritz warning about how hot the cogs was and to stay hydrated Stake tried to purchase water as he had none. Gritz had none to spare but after some fast talking and telling Gritz he should sort out a deal with the stall owner to send him business gave them directions to a seller as well as directions to Drummonds. Gritz told them not to mention him.

Visiting the store they tried to obtain water where they immediately announced Gritz had sent them. Merv used his magics to chill a barrel of ale securing a free tankard of Ale for Steak and a discount on the water if he left the barrel chilled.

At Drummonds they found themselves blocked by a picket Line of warforged demanding that Drummond pay them fairly for the work they were doing, and met [Stoke](app://obsidian.md/Stoke) and [Tresca](app://obsidian.md/Tresca). Tresca told them they could not have the idol yet as it was unfinished, the forge closed due to the warforged strike.

The party rallied the warforged standing with them in solidarity, the sight of non warforged joining bringing in other by standers. Stake raged and danced fuelling the fervour, until he threw a rock at one of the forges windows, smashing it, which did not go well with [Stoke](app://obsidian.md/Stoke)'s attempt at a peaceful protest.

Eryx notieced a nervous warforged clock, watching and upon speaking to her learnt she [Auger - Silver Kiss.png](app://obsidian.md/Auger%20-%20Silver%20Kiss.png) was due to fight at the Trolls Nose, and was torn between supporting the protest or making her match. As she fought in costume she tried to convince Eryx to fight in her stead. Eryx refused saying he could not hurt people for fun. Augur left the protest and seeing her leave several others started to as well. Eryx stepped in at this point trying to convince them to stay, which when they saw him pick up a sign and join the line they did.

As stake continued to dance, Merv convinced Tresca to let himeself, Eryx and Korruk into Drummonds...