With the aid of [Tresca Tauny Teesbeak.png](app://obsidian.md/Tresca%20Tauny%20Teesbeak.png) the party after Korruk convinced Stake to stop dancing and join them gained access to the forge. On entering they they realised that the forge ahead been tossed, with crates and boxes scattered and overturned.

On a table with blueprints, plans and other notes Korruk found a crude drawing an almost stick like drawing of a man with a leg sticking out at an odd angle a large hammer descending towards it. Above the picture the scrawled words “pay or else”

The party quickly ascertained that something else was going on as up to this point the warforged and stoke had been adamant in a peaceful protest.

Treaca said she new nothing about the state of the room, but in seeing the picture her colour began to drain, when pressed she would not say anything until Saal cast friends on her, where she revealed that the threat was most likely from the monstrous criminal organisation Daask. As Drummond had been refusing to pay them protection instead wishing to keep the gold in his own pockets.

Heading into the office, they were met with an irate Drummond as to how they got into his shop, but after a while the party convinced him to hear them out, his office was similarly trashed, even more so from the shattered glass from a rock Stake had thrown. While the others engaged him in conversation Eryx began to right the chairs and tidy up, noticing on the table an official wax sealed document. The seal was broken and Drummond was not paying him any attention so Eryx took a look at the contents, learning that it was an ultimatum from house Cannith to pay the certification fee to continue to operate under their name.

Korruk returned to the forge room and began to ritually cast detect magic

The party finally broke though to Drummond when it was pointed out that paying the war forged a fair wage would be a small amount when weighed up against the loss of contracts and for every day the shop remained closed more of his customers would turn elsewhere. This was enough to convince Drummond to meet with Stoke and negotiate a fair deal.

Korruks magic revealed powerful magics surrounding the forge, but in a broken shattered state. He also detected wisps of fernia escaping from the broken runes.

Stoke met with Drummond and the party Waite while a deal was brokered to both sides satisfaction. With the strike ended Tresca asked the party to assist them while they repaired the forge in order to craft the burning idol.

With the forge lit a punishing heat filled the room, taking its toll on those too close, tresca being protected by her snow globe. As the party tied to help with the repairs Korruk poised to pour the molten orichalum into the runes a strange creature claws and magma emerged immediately moving towards Korruk.

All but Saal converged on the creature, and Stoke became alarmed as Korruk forgot his task and sought to join the combat. The creature laughed manically seeing it surrounded and belched forth a gout of flame sendings everyone recalling.

Korruk attempted to pour the molten metal into the runes, but missed the timing. Causing liquid to splash across the floor. Stoke told him to return to him for kore orichalum to try again.

as the creature was dispatched it burst into flame, the explosion felling Korruk.

Eryx revived him even as the forge spat out multiple globules of hot magma scattering them around the room, where they begin to burn fiercely into the flagstones.

Saal used his magic to diminish one before throwing water over it creating a cloud of super heated steam and scalding himself in the process.

Eryx followed suit by throwing a bucket of water staying clear of the steam.

Stake upended the trough of water, creating a Large puddle.

Korruk tried to complete the runes again, this time with exact precision but even then it looked like all was lost as the Liquid Metal being poured into the runes fought against the puddle of water now spreading across half the rune circle. With increased effort from Tresca the runes completed and the forge was restored.

In the quiet aftermath, molten pools of fire still burning into the groun, and wisps of steam still drifing Tresca exclaimed excitedly, circling above the forge, within the confines of the runes was a small or orb of fiery light, a fernian firefly.

Tresca, telling the party it would take several hours to complete the idol, asked the party for their aid a personal project. Fernian fireflies are rare and when combined with a certain plant produce a salve that can protect against fire. If the party ventured to a nearby cave system and retrieved such a plant she would split 1/3 of the salve with them. 1/3 for her and stoke, 1/3 for drummond and the rest to them. She explained that the caves were an hour away, and that the plant would likely object to being plucked. She did no know what other creatures might be in the area. She did explain that they would have to hurry as the firefly would not survive long outside its native environment.. The party tried to negotiate a bigger share.

The party battered and bruised agreed they would take a short rest at the Red Hammer before proceeding, and whilst the others rested Eryx learnt much from Blue on how they adapted to the world after the war, and how to find purpose. Blue explained that the Red Hammer became her purpose. During the war she worked with great men and women who inspired the troops not out of fear but through bonding, and purpose each looking out for one another, like a family. Foe her and Crucible the Red Hammer is just that, a place where other war forged can come, seek solace and repairs and be amongst friends. She also explained that many warforge changed their name taking one which matched their purpose, and pointed out Wood, Crucible and a number of others. She asked how Eryx got his name, he explained he found letters when he awakened and they seemed to spell that. She commented it reminded her of Merrix, a house Cannith heir.

Steak became enamoured with the fried potatoes and the warforged Wood. Whom he asked if he was afraid of his hand axe. Wood said no more than anyone would be afraid of a weapon. The two seemed to hit it off and look forward to playing dice for money one day.

Crucible tended some of the parties wounds.